I created death-ray six years ago I now
have as many viewers as the Super Bowl
the drivers are convicts and the rules
are simple and there are no rules win
and get your freedom or die trying who's
the new guy Genta names used to race for
NASCAR they say he killed his wife
I guess he didn't like the old meal I
want you to try it for me unless you
think the worst of my life Dennis for
you I'm offering you your freedom
all you have to do is walk off that
trunk alive and win of course the race
takes place in three stages over three
days tomorrow new media Navigator they
get bused in from the women's facility
someone about the other traumas its kill
or be killed
I'm gonna win this race cuz I want out
of here time to make the monster Mustang
v8 fastback three-quarter inch steel
plate for defense smoked oil and napalm
and thirty millimeter machine guns for
offense it's on
now that's entertainment
you sure are lucky a driver like me just
happened to turn up in your prison oh
I'm more than lucky you're out in front
who are you gonna shoot at don't go
backwards he knows we set him up what
are we gonna do we're going to kill him
welcome
what just happened
yeah kill me
you can borrow me you can shoot me but
you can't count